Instead of having an abstract EntityManager that is abstract precisely
with an abstract method in it to create the JDBC connection to the
database server and an extension of this EntityManager holding the
method that will provide that connection,
what we want to do is to make this class non-abstract here,
get rid of this abstract method,
get rid of this code that is calling this method
because this code is not here anymore,
and make the connection a private field of this class.
On this field we are going to add an annotation on it,
which is the @Inject annotation,
and we want to create a mechanism that is going to
automatically inject a value in this class.
And by the way, we are going to rename this class ManagedEntityManager.
So this annotation does not exist, so let us create it, create annotation.
We are going to put it in the annotation package that already exists.
And on the other hand, we need logic to create that connection.
We got rid of the inheritance relationship between our
abstract EntityManager and H2 EntityManager,
but we still need a way to create those connections.
So what we are going to do is create another class in a provider package,
and we are going to call this class H2ConnectionProvider.
And the code to create this connection is going to move in this class.
And to tell our system that this is the method it should call to
be able to create an instance of connection,
we are going to annotate this method with a Provides annotation.
Let me create this annotation in the annotation package, and here we go.
This Inject annotation should be made available at runtime,
so let us tell this to the system and the same for this Provides annotation.
So this H2ConnectionProvider is working properly.
Now we do not need this H2EntityManager anymore,
so let us get rid of this class.
Of course, this EntityManager will not work anymore,
so let me remove this factory method.
ReadingObjects and WritingObjects, I'm not going to compile anymore,
but this is normal because we are going to change the way in which we get EntityManagers.